# Sat 3/7 Meeting

Everyone is working to make sure everything works together and the last main features we want before the presentation.

Tina: Working on backend endpoints for notes, getting that integrated with front end

Jared: Working on webscraping from web extension 

Tony: Using his other web scraping python scripts and storing those attributes into the database

Bryan: Getting pictures to display on the app for laptops, and making notes

Jayleen: Working on delete endpoints for workspaces and workspace/pid
